<b>Statement</b><br><br>
<i>ExposeMoi</i> is a web browser plug-in that (1) scans through journal and news articles and websites, (2) identifies the uses of the passive voice, and (3) assesses how the passive voice correlates to a journal’s political alignment. The plug-in (4) produces a score of the frequency of passive voice at the sentence level. Recent media and news articles tend to use the passive voice to avoid blame or allocate responsibility, hide the agent, tone down intensity, complicate readability, and add verbiage and jargon to mask or distort the meaning of the text. Ultimately, the use of the passive voice is a technique for wilfully concealing the truth. 
<br><br> We created <i>ExposeMoi</i> as way to participate in a growing discussion about the politics of passive voice in news journalism. On the one hand, the passive voice can be an intentional rhetorical device; on the other hand, the passive voice can simply be indicative of poor writing. We believe that either possibility is revealing about the current practices of online journalism today. For this reason, alongside its aim to expose the politics of grammar, <i>ExposeMoi</i> also has a pedagogical aim in exposing the trends of poor writing in journalism and media and challenging our digital literacy practices. <i>ExposeMoi</i> positions learning within the browser and offers instructors a tool for combining digital humanities with rhetoric and composition studies. 
<br><br> Ultimately, <i>ExposeMoi</i> confronts the user with the question of how to rewrite a text for rhetorical--and political--clarity. Encountering instances of the passive voice prompts users to think critically about questions of agency, the politics of grammar, and their daily literacy practices. This project's minimalist aim is in promoting critical readership and consumption of digital media. 
